             
             THE TEUBNER PACKAGE VERSION 4.x OF MARCH 2016
                 EXTENSION FOR PHILOLOGICAL TYPESETTING


Copyright  2001-2004-2016 Claudio Beccari

The programs contained in this bundle can be  distributed and/or modified
under the terms of the LaTeX Project Public License (LPPL),  version 1.3c 
dated 2008-05-04 or later as it appears in 
                     CTAN/macros/latex/base/lppl.tex.


This bundle contains the following files

README               short information abut installing this bundle
teubner.txt          this file
teubner.dtx          documented TeX file
teubner-doc.tex      documentation file
teubner.pdf          technical documentation
teubner-doc.pdf      usage documentation

By running  pdflatex  on teubner.dtx  in addition  to the  documentation 
file teubner.pdf,  the byproduct files  teubner.sty,  teubnertx.sty, are 
generated; teubner-doc.pdf  must be generated by running pdflatex on the 
source file teubner-doc.tex file. 
These two .pdf files are already contained in the bundle.

The previous versions 3.x of this packages used a  LGRaccents-glyphs.def 
file, that now is not necessary, and is not contained in this bundle any 
more.

File teubner-doc.pdf  is the documentation file  that  shows what can be 
done with this extension package and displays several examples.

Version 4.x of the teubner package contains many new enhancements, among 
which  it's worth  noting  the compliance  with  the new  Greek language 
support to babel, that makes use of the encoding independent LICR (LaTeX
Internal Character Representation) of the Greek characters & diacritics; 
it contains  also the macros that allow  using  the  LGR encoded CBfonts 
together with other  PostScript scalable  fonts;  the compatibility with 
the Times and the Palatino eXtended fonts,  through the packages txfonts 
and pxfonts,  are already  built in;  the compatibility  with  the Latin 
Modern fonts was already available with version 2.x of this package.

While this package was upgraded and uploaded to CTAN, Antonis Tsolomitis 
uploaded  the package txfontsb  which adds the possibility of using nice 
TX compatible Greek fonts when using the TX latin fonts so as to let the 
users typeset their documents in mixed script. 
The upright shape  resembles  the traditional Didot one,  and the italic 
shape resembles the Lipsian one;  they come in both  the medium  and the 
bold series and match the TX latin fonts pretty well. They probably match
also the newer newtxtext fonts  by Michael Sharpe,  but since the latter
have different font family names,  the automatically  produced .fd files 
for adapting the  LGR encoded fonts  to the TX fonts are not  suited any
more;  in order to have matching .fd files it is necessary to proceed as 
with any other font collection different from the TX one

Although  Tsolomitis' fonts  satisfy very well  the everyday typesetting 
necessities  of the Greek  users  and blend  well also  with the TX math 
fonts, they do not satisfy the requirements of the teubner package. This 
is why the processing of the teubner.dtx file  generates  also  the file
teubnertx.sty  that is being  input at begin  document time  if the user 
specified the TX fonts by calling the txfonts package. 

In  order  to  use  this  extension  package  with  LaTeX  you  have  to
install  it.  May be the  very installation of your  (recent) TeX system 
distribution already provided for this task; may be your  TeX  system is 
configured  to load  missing  packages  on the fly.  In any case you can 
check and possibly run your Package Manager (with MiKTeX follow the path 
Programs|MiKTeX Settings|Packages;   with TeXlive and MacTeX   (if their 
installation configuration was not the default complete one) run tlmgr.
  
If you feel more comfortable to do everything by yourself and/or want to 
make  a personal  installation,  run teubner.dtx  through  pdflatex; the 
generated  files are  teubner.sty  and the aforementioned  teubnertx.sty  
file;  they must be moved  where TeX-the-program  can  find  them.  This  
depends very much  on your particular implementation  of the TeX system, 
but if your system copes with the TDS (standard TeX Directory Structure)  
and has a multiplicity  of different TeX  directory trees,  you probably  
have a \localtexmf  rooted TDS,  or a /texmmf one in your Home directory 
containing a tex directory tree which on turn contains a latex directory.  
Under  the latter one  create a new directory  named, say,  teubner, and 
move there teubner.sty, and teubnertx.sty.

I suggest you to create a directory teubner  in the doc directory of the  
locally  rooted structure  and move there  both teubner-doc.pdf  and the  
teubner.pdf file that you get by running pdflatex directly on teubner.dtx.

For what concerns fonts,  they should already be installed with a recent 
TeX system  distribution;  this means  that  there are  already  all the 
files  TeX-the-program  needs  in order  to do  its  work;  there is one 
point, though, that  requires  full  attention;  the default  basic  TeX 
system installation  loads only  the PostScript  fonts in size 10pt; all 
other sizes are are obtained  by reducing or enlarging that single size. 
A complete  TeX system  installation  does not  exhibit this limitation. 
There are also non standard scalable Type 1 fonts, such for example, the 
Fourier  ones,  that  come  only  in one size,  the 10pt one;  for these 
fonts it is not strictly necessary  to do the same with the sizes of the 
CBfonts, but if you prefer you can.

In any case the teubner package copes with this situation if you specify 
the "10pt" option   when calling  this package, but if you want  to have  
perfect  optical sizes,  then  you should  download from  CTAN  the full  
collection  and  install it  in  your  computer.  The details  for  this 
installation require  you read with due attention  the instructions that 
come  with  your  TeX system  distribution;  it's not  difficult, but it 
requires  to be very careful  at every step. Remember, though, that your 
Package Manager can do all the work for you.

It's important to control that you have the latest CBfonts;  even if you 
got them pre-installed  with your  TeX system  distribution, may be they 
are not the latest  version.  The full  collection  has  been  redone in 
the year 2007, and partially upgraded in 2010; the reduced collection is 
a subset  of the full one.  Earlier distributions,  dated at least 2002, 
might be compatible;  if you notice  something strange with the CBfonts, 
verify if your fonts are up to date.

Another question you might ask yourself:  is my TeX system complete  and
up to date? The fact you installed a TeX system and you did not have the
CBfonts may be an index that  you still have the babel package locked at
a  version  number  earlier than 3.9g. I suggest you to upgrade your TeX
system to the most up to date one you can find on CTAN.

This point  is connected  with the question  of the updated metric files 
related to the Lipsian  fonts;  if your TeX system distribution has been 
updated  to what was available  on CTAN  by May 2010,  your distribution 
already  contains the updated .tfm files. Otherwise, please, update your
CBfonts.

After all these steps are done,  you  are  ready  to  use  your  teubner
extensions;  it will not be  easy at the beginning,  because  there  are 
hundreds  of new commands.  Be sure to have already thoroughly read  the 
documentation file teubner-doc.pdf and that you have the hard copy close 
to you. 

Remember,  though,  that most commands  are Latin names or abbreviations 
that  should  be familiar  to any philologist  specialised in classical/
ancient European languages, such as classical Greek, Latin, and so on.

This set of extension  commands  has been tested  in several  documents;
Since I am neither a philologist nor a Greek scholar, I prepared them as 
a *hobby* while trying to help a philologist friend. I hope this package  
may be useful  also to you,  but  I must disclaim  any liability for any 
unwanted results  you might get,  including  the most  dreadful possible 
things that may happen to anybody using a computer.  

I will not write down any strong disclaimer sentence in capital letters,  
because it should be absolutely evident that I did something  I consider
useful,  but is up to you  to decide to use it and face the consequences
(... which, nevertheless, I hope they are what you expected).

If you find this package of some utility but you find some errors and/or    
some glitches,  please write me an e-mail (see below).  If you'd like me 
to realise some other commands,  please send me  by e-mail  your request  
together with a scanned image containing the visual result you'd like to 
obtain. I don't guarantee I'll be able to satisfy your request, but I'll 
give it a try.  In any case  don't ask for things LaTeX can't do; and if 
you use LaTeX, you know what are its pros and cons.

Happy philological LaTeXing!

Claudio Beccari                                        Turin, March 2016
Professor Emeritus
Politecnico di Torino, Italy
claudio dot beccari at gmail dot com

PS: I underline  my former  professorship  in electronics,  in order to 
stress  the point  that I am not  a philologist, therefore beware: this 
work might simply be "trash" to the eyes of a real philologist!
